Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, regional design discussed between well before then.
If the user has not had it any product to their carts, then we're just going to display an image of
where on the test, which is just going to say your cards is empty.
Okay, now to do this, we're gonna need to go back to our visit quote, okay?
Over this widget directory, we're going to create a new PHI and we're going to call this PHI Cards
on this call empty then section, which is dot dot.
Okay.
And now we can use control and B to make this wide.
And we can use this.
Did this widget.
Okay.
And we're going to call this as well.
Cuts empty in over.
We can alight and use control and darts in order to have parts the material that that package.
Now like I said, we're going to have two widgets, right?
Or probably we can have more, but both widgets are going to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
Right.
Okay.
So is it a free container in order to display widget vertically from top to bottom?
We're going to be using the widgets known as column.
And as you know, iCloud widgets can accept multiple widgets.
So it's as rich as your property.
Okay, now the first site is going to be a container.
That is the container of the image.
And for the container, we can give this a wheat only hot for the wheat.
They're just going to say wheat.
Then you're going to say double.
Dot infinity.
So this is this is going to take the available space.
And that's all you can give a height to this.
Now for the Ides, we are going to get the height screen to do that.
Recall.
No need to say media query.
They're out of context.
Then the size dots are hot.
So by doing this, we are going to get the height of the screen.
Then we can just say we want to.
Times it's by.
0.4.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing we're going to do is a declaration and box declaration.
Okay.
Great.
And we can have now the image.
This is going to be.
Decoration.
Image rights.
Okay.
There's asking for the URL of the image.
You're going to see assets that sets image.
So assets image.
Right.
Okay.
Now the URL.
I'm going to go through and be okay.
I'm going to go to my assets.
Images.
Okay.
You can see we have this.
And courts.
All right.
Okay.
Now the location is assets slash words.
Images and a number of the images.
Empty.
Cards, Dot.
Okay.
Noise control necessary.
Now it collapses.
Okay.
Now we are going to go to the.
It cuts screen right away screens.
Then cut screen.
Okay.
Now you're going to get rid of this center and we're going to use the cuts.
So we record recorded empty.
Courts.
Right.
Okay.
So I see a record.
It's constancy.
Okay.
And I'll alight and is continuing.
That's.
Okay.
Great.
Now this question excessive.
And go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
Now the next thing we're going to do is we're going to have it set, right?
So we're going to go back to the widgets there.
We're going to go back to the carts empty.
Okay.
We take the call.
All right.
Okay.
Within the story.
After the container within the column.
Right.
Okay.
Then we can have a test.
Widgets.
It says we get.
And we should just going to say your.
Cards.
Is empty.
Right we can give his side to this is going to check it out first.
Okay.
We can give you a start.
It is because his tie is going to be test tie.
Right.
Okay.
I can give you a font size.
Font size of 30 and font suites.
Fun tweets.
DEADBOLT.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Right.
Okay.
Now we can just take this to the center.
Why we can't use the main access arrangements when access amendments.
That center is going to take it center vertically.
Okay.
Great.
Your card is empty, right?
Okay.
Looking great.
Okay, guys, seen in this picture.